but nine since I was four flowers in a
be shooting a Star Wars film I would
have planned a all my life this film
this character is the story I grew up
with it's a whole world I've been
thinking about from quite a long time
you can feel everyone in the career in
the class kind of stops and just take
that in and you remember were actually
in Star Wars it's like the world's
greatest toy 7 it's a bit like being
that kid again
the Star Wars figures still troopers
over here and this happens is explosion
it's been a lot of fun it's the greatest
job in the world
broke one takes place very close to
episode four
the simplest way to explain that is that
text you see at the beginning of a new
hope
that is essentially how moving
they call it the death doll terrible
weapon but there's a way to defeat him
Jen starting to put together a team once
the fight we all do
I'm only doing it it is an ensemble
movie but at the heart there's a strong
woman the time to fight is now every day
they grow stronger
all these characters are real heroes
that are willing to risk everything like
the place huh and make ten men feel like
a hundred through their journey we see
the formation of the Rebel Alliance and
stealing of the Death Star plans and you
are not willing to risk being left
behind
your chance to speak up that is a bad
idea they achieve what they achieved
because they achieve it together
this is one
you